After success with printing photos,
we've built a program that let's people share their photos online.
And we've created a function that let's people interact with
shared photos by commenting on and liking individual photos.
This function likePhoto,
takes in three parameters: an int that holds the current number of likes a photo has,
a string that holds a person's comment and
a boolean that will be true if a person likes a photo and false if they don't.
It will then print out the comment as
feedback and increase the number of likes if boolean like is true.
Write down a valid function call for this function.
Remember that this expects these three parameters to be provided in a function call.